# EternityUnitTest
Unit tests for Eternity: github.com/team-eternity/eternity

## Eternity submodule
This project has Eternity as a submodule (from the aforementioned URL). To have your local copy fully configured, remember to also run `git submodule update --init --recursive` after you clone this repository.

## Setting up for Windows
You will need CMake to setup the Visual Studio 2019 project for Google Test. Use it to create a Visual Studio 2019 x86 (32-bit) build under `googletest/build/`. After this finishes successfully, you can open the `EternityUnitTest.sln` solution.

Currently everything is set up for 32-bit architecture on Windows.

### Setting up Eternity for Windows
You will need the SDL2 suite of libraries to build Eternity. **This step is mandatory.** See: https://github.com/team-eternity/eternity#building-with-visual-studio-2017-and-up

### Fixing the Google Test projects generated by CMake
Unfortunately CMake generates the projects in a way that won't link with the other projects. You need to fix them. Right click on the `gtest` project, go to Properties. On the left pane, select C/C++ and go to Code Generation. Now on the right pane, you will have to modify the Runtime Library. If it's marked as `<different options>`, you'll have to select the Debug or Release configuration from the top drop-down box. Make it so instead of "Multi-threaded" or "Multi-threaded Debug", it is "Multi-threaded DLL" or "Multi-threaded Debug DLL" respectively.

Do the same steps for the `gtest_main` project.
